absence presence
accept  refuse
accurate        inaccurate
advantage       disadvantage
alive   dead
always  never
ancient modern
answer  question
approval        disapproval
abundant        scarce
admit   deny
artificial      natural
arrival departure
ascend  descend
attractive      repulsive
attention       inattention
asleep  awake
ally    enemy
agree   disagree
backward        forward
bend    straighten
beautiful       ugly
beginning       ending
below   above
bent    straight
blunt   sharp
better  worse
best    worst
blame   praise
bless   curse
borrow  lend
build   destroy
bold    timid
bright  dull
broad   narrow
clear   vague
calm    troubled
clear   vague
calm    troubled
capable incapable
captivity       freedom
cellar  attic
cheap   expensive
close   distant
clever  stupid
cold    hot
combine separate
correct incorrect
conceal reveal
common  rare
comfort discomfort
courage cowardice
cruel   kind
courteous       rude
cunning simple
dainty  clumsy
danger  safety
dark    light
deep    shallow
decrease        increase
definite        indefinite
demand  supply
despair hope
disappear       appear
disease health
discourage      encourage
dismal  cheerful
doctor  patient
dry     wet
dull    bright
dusk    dawn
early   late
easy    difficult
East    West
easy    difficult
East    West
economise       waste
encourage       discourage
entrance        exit
employer        employee
empty   full
excited calm
end     beginning
expand  contract
export  import
exterior        interior
external        internal
fail    succeed
false   true
feeble  sturdy
foolish wise
famous  unknown
fat     thin
find    lose
first   last
freedom captivity
fold    unfold
frequent        seldom
forget  remember
found   lost
friend  enemy
fortunate       unfortunate
frank   secretive
generous        mean
gentle  rough
gather  distribute
glad    sorry
gloomy  cheerful
giant   dwarf
granted refused
great   little
granted refused
great   little
guardian        ward
guest   host
guilty  innocent
happy   sad
hard    soft
harmful harmless
hasten  dawdle
here    there
heavy   light
height  depth
hero    coward
hill    valley
horizontal      vertical
hinder  help
honest  dishonest
humble  proud
hunger  thirst
imitation       genuine
immense tiny
imprison        free
include exclude
increase        decrease
inhabited       uninhabited
inferior        superior
inside  outside
intelligent     stupid
inhale  exhale
interior        exterior
interesting     uninteresting
internal        external
intentional     accidental
join    separate
junior  senior
justice injustice
king    subject
justice injustice
king    subject
laugh   cry
lawful  unlawful
land    sea
landlord        tenant
lawyer  client
lecturer        student
lender  borrower
lengthen        shorten
light   dark
likely  unlikely
loud    soft
loyal   disloyal
mad     sane
mature  immature
maximum minimum
me      you
merry   mirthless
minority        majority
miser   spendthrift
misunderstand   understand
narrow  wide
near    far
neat    untidy
noisy   quiet
North   South
obedient        disobedient
offer   refuse
optimist        pessimist
past    present
patient impatient
permanent       temporary
please  displease
plentiful       scarce
poetry  prose
poverty wealth
poetry  prose
poverty wealth
powerful        weak
polite  rude
private public
pretty  ugly
pure    impure
qualified       unqualified
rapid   slow
regular irregular
rigid   pliable
rough   smooth
scatter collect
sense   nonsense
shopkeeper      customer
singular        plural
simple  complicated
slim    thick
solid   liquid
sober   drunk
speaker listener
sorrow  joy
sow     reap
sparse  dense
stand   lie
straight        crooked
strong  weak
sunny   cloudy
teacher pupil
thick   thin
tight   loose
top     bottom
transparent     opaque
vacant  occupied
valuable        valueless
victory defeat
virtue  vice
victory defeat
virtue  vice
visible invisible
voluntary       compulsory
vowel   consonant
