abandon discard
accord  agree
adversity       difficulty
affluent        plentiful
aggravate       annoy
alleviate       lighten
amenable        agreeable
anguish distress
apathetic       dispirited
arrogant        disdainful
astonish        confound
augment add
avoid   ignore
awkward graceless
baffle  confuse
banal   common
barren  desolate
berate  criticize
betray  deceive
bias    inclination
blend   combine
bliss   happiness
bold    daring
bonus   award
bother  annoy
brief   concise
brilliant       clever
budget  allot
candid  honest
caricature      cartoon
casual  informal
category        classification
cease   desist
chaotic disordered
cherish esteem
circumvent      avoid
commemorate     celebrate
circumvent      avoid
commemorate     celebrate
compensate      balance
competent       able
conceive        design
confirmation    acknowledgement
contradict      deny
contribution    donation
courteous       polite
credulous       confident
dare    challenge
decay   decline
decent  honorable
dense   filled
designate       name
detain  hold
disclose        announce
dogma   belief
durable constant
dwindle abate
eager   earnest
eccentric       abnormal
elaborate       embellish
emanate arise
encourage       foster
essential       cultured
essential       basic
estimate        guess
evaluate        appraise
exhaust deplete
exhilarated     cheerful
explicit        definite
fastidious      exacting
federation      alliance
feeble  helpless
fervor  intensity
flatter compliment
fervor  intensity
frugal  prudent
furious angry
generous        benevolent
genuine actual
goad    provoke
grasp   grab
habitual        accustomed
handicap        disability
harass  annoy
harmless        innocuous
hasty   abrupt
humiliate       humble
hypocrisy       duplicity
ideal   goal
idle    lazy
logical congruent
illustrious     eminent
imitate copy
immense huge
impartial       candid
impatient       anxious
implicate       accuse
indifferent     apathetic
isolate detach
jargon  argot
judge   estimate
justification   excuse
juvenile        adolescent
keen    clever
label   brand
labor   toil
lead    direct
lean    slim
leave   abandon
liberal lenient
leave   abandon
liberal lenient
limitation      boundary
lucid   clear
lucky   auspicious
mad     furious
manage  administer
manipulate      control
match   agree
maze    complexity
mention allude
merge   blend
narrow  confined
nature  aspect
necessary       mandatory
negate  contradict
negligent       careless
negotiate       bargain
novice  beginner
nuisance        annoyance
obedient        faithful
objection       disapproval
obligatory      compulsory
observe notice
obvious conspicuous
offend  anger
offer   bid
omit    exclude
opportune       advantageous
pacify  appease
pain    ache
paramount       chief
passive inactive
pause   break
perpetuate      endure
perplex astonish
persecute       afflict
perplex astonish
persecute       afflict
radical basic
range   anger
rank    arrange
realize accomplish
receptacle      container
regret  deplore
reliable        dependable
sanction        approval
scope   aim
section division
settle  adjust
shallow superficial
significant     distinctive
slight  delicate
spontaneous     impromptu
spread  announce
stabilize       balance
tame    domesticate
temper  mood
tendency        inclination
term    cycle
thrift  conservation
tough   aggressive
transfer        convey
turbulent       disordered
valid   authorized
variety assortment
verify  authenticate
